oh hey it's that guy I think I know him
no you don't know you don't oh my god
Lonnegan he's the stripper from your
bachelorette party or what your secret
bachelorette party you had a
bachelorette party she untied his
g-string with her teeth I thought we
weren't gonna have bachelor bachelorette
parties you know we agreed there was a
silly tradition it's a grand tradition
I'm sorry they surprised me there was
nothing I could do well you could have
untied it with your hands this is so
unfair
the one thing I wanted to do is throw my
best friend a bachelor party but wrong I
wasn't allowed to we got was a stupid
steak dinner you went home with the
waitress yeah that was a pretty good
night I can't believe you didn't tell me
you know that the two pillars of
marriage are openness and honesty I knew
giving you that book is gonna come back
and bite me in the ass oh my god you
were gonna love me so much I felt really
bad about the whole bachelorette party
thing so tonight you're gonna have a
bachelor party what yeah I got this
number from this guy at work and I hired
a stripper to come dance for you am I
going in the white hall of famer what
that's crazy I want you to get me a
stripper you let the lady talk feel so
much better
look I appreciate it but it's a little
creepy you know I'm not a bachelor
anymore so don't think of it as a
bachelor party think of it as a
two-month anniversary present
sure one year is paper but two months is
lap dance please I feel so bad
just watch the hot woman get naked all
right fine but I'm only doing this for
you
yeah and Joey thank you all right who
else do you wanna invite oh no no just
Ross Ross and Joey's embarrassing enough
Oh actually sorry I can't even make it
I'm seeing Mona again tonight I
understand I mean who would cancel an
actual date just to go to a fake
bachelor party I'm sorry I gotta cancel
tonight baby
[Music]
[Laughter]
so you nervous about getting married
what are you doing look let's pretend
it's a real bachelor party okay you know
before your wedding it'll be more fun
all right
I can't believe tomorrow's the big day
that's a feel knowing you never gonna be
with another woman again huh no you're
gonna have to wake up to the same face
every day until you finally have the
sweet release of death you're right this
is more fun hi hi so which one you like
you boys is Chandler oh that's me that's
me Joey Tribbiani
big fan so third bedroom yeah yeah over
there
all right whenever you're ready that was
weird why would she go in the bedroom
I'm waiting
so she's on yeah that's one naked hooker